# ABSTRACT:
<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In the early development times of the Information Technology (IT) sector, main problem was loss of communication between systems. To achieve this challenge, many devices and standards like Open Systems Interconnect (OSI) was developed and many of them are developing as well.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Since there was a loss in communication, security was not main object in information systems. So, there was no potential threats because nobody did not look at that part. However, someone began to interest in that part, that is, security.  And some malwares have been produced/coded over time. Those threats and malwares were being able to so many harmful to the systems that they can stole the critical data regarding people, companies, countries, copy themselves to speed up their propagation in system, or just watch the system and inform the one/ones who made this attack. </p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Security in IT sector was developed (and of course continue nowadays as well) over time to prevent malwares and vulnerabilities. Many programs and hardware were developed. Some of them have the responsibility of just detecting those threats, some of them have responsibility of just prevent them and some of them have the responsibility of scanning and trying to find those vulnerabilities which may occur in the systems.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In order to help to increase security in information systems, cryptography and encryption/decryption is used. Because cryptography have been used for hundreds of years. At first, it was used for the wars. But now, it is used in cyber world as well as war. Since encryption and decryption of data in communication is used, attacking to the systems, stealing the data is harder than before thanks to cryptography.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In this paper, some of the tools which can detect the potential attacks to our system, prevent those attacks and secure us from those attacks and restore our system when there is a distortion in our system will be investigated, described the way of their execution, pros and cons thereof, and the reason of using those tools. MkDocs format can be accessible from GitHub link in appendix section.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Keywords:</strong> Firewall, Intrusion Detection System (IDS), Intrusion Prevention System (IPS), Snort, Anti-Virus System, pfSense, Cryptography, Encryption</p>
