#5.0 Conclusion

<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In the first years of the information technologies, the main problem is not the security but the communication loss. Because many problems could arise in those years so that this loss of communication should be resolved in order to increase the communication ability between the countries, companies, people, etc. Therefore, many technological devices (and standards to provide compatibility between these devices) were begun to be developed in those years. Over time, in the increasingly developing and widespread information age, many problems occurred. However, these are not related with communication but security. The main problem is reversed. To achieve this problem, lots of technological device like firewalls, intrusion detection/intrusion prevention systems, anti-virus systems are developed. At first, these systems appear successful. But over time, vulnerabilities regarding those devices are discovered. In order to secure communication, cryptography and encryption also is used.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Usage of network devices with encryption can provide security to the information systems. Because malwares are too malicious. They can not only infiltrate our systems, but also they can steal our personal data, sensitive information regarding countries, companies. They can also affect some important infrastructures like hospitals, electricity systems. And the worse is they can populate the neighbouring systems so that they can capture all the information systems.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It is important that these systems must have a strong policy regarding how to use, maintain those system, and answer the questions like that. And one of the critical case is the maintenance. Maintenance of these systems should be done on time. These systems must be up-to-date. Because some vulnerabilities called zero day may appear in information systems, and due to zero day, these systems can be infiltrated in a short period.</p>
